From 1993 (approx)
What is Linux?
--------------
   Linux is a *free* UNIX type opertating system. Linux
supports multiple users and multiple simultaneous processes or
programs. For example 5 users could be logged onto a single
Linux system, and each user could be 'running' a different
program, unaware that other users where connected at the same
time. They could all even be using the same program at the same
time!


What hardware do I need for Linux?
----------------------------------
   Linux will only run on 386 and up processors, it does not
support 286's. It needs a minimum of 2meg ram, though it will
be happier with 4! Unlike DOS however, it is able to make full
use of *all* the available memory. Linux also makes use of
virtual memory, that is a swap partition on the hard disk will
be utalised as memory when the ram becomes exhausted!
You will need a hard disk of at least 60Mb, though a working
system can be installed in as little as 20Mb. It supports all
the ussual types of hard diks, SCSI, ESDI, MFM, IDE etc.
Virtually all types of video/graphics cards are supported,
CGA, EGA, VGA etc. Also supported are many types of network
cards, sound cards, CD-ROM drives and tape drives.

What can I use Linux for?
-------------------------
   There is a wealth of *free* software availale for Linux,
spread sheets, databases, text editors, and loads of
communications software. If you presently have a 386 PC or
better dedicated to packet radio, then Linux could be for you!
Imagine playing an adventure game on your PC, editing some
text, dialling into a telepone BBS, *and* running your packet
station, *all* at the same time!! All this and more is possile
with Linux.

Time for an example!!
---------------------
Here is an example of how I (g6phf) use my Linux system at
home!
My system runs on a 386DX40, with 4 meg of ram, and 12 meg of
swap space. I have 4 serial ports, 2 are connected to KISS
tnc's, one is on 4m, the other on 2m (144.625). Another serial
port is hooked to my 14.4K telephone modem. The other is a link
to my DOS pc in another room.
On this system I run JNOS 1.09, (JNOS is a tcpip program), this
is a special port for Linux, it supports *all* the dos features
but without the annoying memory restarints of DOS!
I also 	run a full featured telephone BBS (BayBBS), this allows
users to dial into my system over the telephone, and download
and upload files.  BayMUD, the multi user dungeon also runs on
the same system. This allows users connecting via telephone and
the radio, to take part and interact together in the lands of
BayMUD.
My system is also the UK hub of the Mugnet UUCP domain, but
that is another story!


In a nutshell
-------------
   So...if you want a full featured networking operating
system, and if you are not too bothered about fancy colours and
frills, and you have a reasonable understaing of DOS, but maybe
want something more from your computer, then Linux is for you!!
